your file shares no kills but to become
a double oh it takes two how did you die
no contact not well you needn't worry
the second is yes terribly the land was
little she private banker to the world
terrorists which would explain how he
could set up a high-stakes poker game at
Casino Royale in Montenegro he uses this
game he'll have nowhere to run you're
the best player in the service the
Treasury has agreed to stake you in the
game but if you lose our government will
have directly financed terrorism
I will be keeping my eye on a
government's money and off your
perfectly formed house you noticed I
hope our little game isn't causing you
to perspire it doesn't bother you
killing those people well I wouldn't be
very good at my job if it did
oughta go melted your cold heart yet
Jayden's get the girl up you're not
going to like me in there you've got
your armor back
I have no woman left
you've scripted from me whatever is left
at me whatever I am I'm yours
the only question remains will you yield
in time